updated metric definition and supported roles related information for… (#9492)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/teams-analytics-and-reports/teams-reporting-reference.md

## How to access the reports

To access the reports, you must be assigned one of the following roles:

- Global administrator
- Teams/Skype for Business administrator

> - Global reader (only tenant-level aggregate and no per-user or team data)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Global reader (only tenant-level aggregate and no per-user or Teams data)
```

## How to access the reports

> To access the reports, you must be one of the following role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the reports, you must be assigned one of the following roles:
```

- Global administrator

> - Teams/SFB administrator
> - Global reader (Only tenant level aggregate and no per user/team data)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Teams/Skype for Business administrator
- Global reader (only tenant-level aggregate and no per-user or team data)
```

To learn more about Teams admin roles and which reports each admin role can access, see [Use Teams administrator roles to manage Teams](../using-admin-roles.md).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
